Xinhua news agency, Beijing, November 11
Communique of the Sixth Plenary Session of the 19th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China
(adopted at the 6th plenary meeting of the 19th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on November 11, 2021)
The Sixth Plenary Session of the 19th CPC Central Committee was held in Beijing from November 8 to 11, 2021.

How To Learn English!
Here are some tips which may help you to master the English Language!
Speak without Fear
The biggest problem most people face in learning a new language is their own fear. They worry that they won’t say things correctly or that they will look stupid so they don’t talk at all. Don’t do this. The fastest way to learn anything is to do it – again and again until you get it right. Like anything, learning English requires practice. Don’t let a little fear stop you from getting what you want.
Use all of your Resources
Even if you study English at a language school it doesn’t mean you can’t learn outside of class. Using as many different sources, methods and tools as possible, will allow you to learn faster. There are many different ways you can improve your English, so don’t limit yourself to only one or two. The internet is a fantastic resource for virtually anything, but for the language learner it's perfect.
Surround Yourself with English
The absolute best way to learn English is to surround yourself with it. Take notes in English, put English books around your room, listen to English language radio broadcasts, watch English news, movies and television. Speak English with your friends whenever you can. The more English material that you have around you, the faster you will learn and the more likely it is that you will begin “thinking in English.” .
Listen to Native Speakers as Much as Possible
There are some good English teachers that have had to learn English as a second language before they could teach it. However, there are several reasons why many of the best schools prefer to hire native English speakers. One of the reasons is that native speakers have a natural flow to their speech that students of English should try to imitate. The closer ESL / EFL students can get to this rhythm or flow, the more convincing and comfortable they will become.
Watch English Films and Television
This is not only a fun way to learn but it is also very effective. By watching English films (especially those with English subtitles) you can expand your vocabulary and hear the flow of speech from the actors. If you listen to the news you can also hear different accents.
Listen to English Music
Music can be a very effective method of learning English. In fact, it is often used as a way of improving comprehension. The best way to learn though, is to get the lyrics (words) to the songs you are listening to and try to read them as the artist sings. There are several good internet sites where one can find the words for most songs. This way you can practice your listening and reading at the same time. And if you like to sing, fine.
Study As Often As Possible!
Only by studying things like grammar and vocabulary and doing exercises, can you really improve your knowledge of any language.
Do Exercises and Take Tests
Many people think that exercises and tests aren't much fun. However, by completing exercises and taking tests you can really improve your English. One of the best reasons for doing lots of exercises and tests is that they give you a benchmark to compare your future results with. Often, it is by comparing your score on a test you took yesterday with one you took a month or six months ago that you realize just how much you have learned. If you never test yourself, you will never know how much you are progressing. Start now by doing some of the many exercises and tests on this site, and return in a few days to see what you've learned. Keep doing this and you really will make some progress with English.
Record Yourself
Nobody likes to hear their own voice on tape but like tests, it is good to compare your tapes from time to time. You may be so impressed with the progress you are making that you may not mind the sound of your voice as much.
Listen to English
By this, we mean, speak on the phone or listen to radio broadcasts, audiobooks or CDs in English. This is different than watching the television or films because you can’t see the person that is speaking to you. Many learners of English say that speaking on the phone is one of the most difficult things that they do and the only way to improve is to practice.
Finally
Have fun!

The first emperor's business was not half done, but the middle road collapsed. Today, Yizhou is weak. This is the autumn of crisis. However, the ministers of the guards are unremitting inside, and the loyal people forget to be outside. They cover the special treatment of chasing the former Emperor and want to repay it to their majesty. It's better to open up the saint's hearing, to honor the legacy of the former Emperor and the spirit of great people with lofty ideals. It's better not to belittle yourself, quote words unjustly, and plug the road of loyal admonition.

In the palace and in the government, all are one. It is not appropriate to have similarities and differences. If there are those who commit crimes and are loyal to the good, it is appropriate to pay a punishment reward to the Secretary, so as to show his Majesty's justice. It is not appropriate to be biased and make the internal and external laws different.

Shi Zhong, Shi Lang Guo Youzhi, Fei Yi, Dong Yun, etc. are all good and honest. They are determined to be loyal and pure. They are based on the simplicity of the former Emperor to leave their majesty. I was foolish to think that there are no big or small things in the palace. I learned it and consulted it, and then implemented it. It will be beneficial to make up the missing points and benefit the public.

The general Xiang Chong, who was both gentle in nature and gentle in behavior, was trained in military affairs. In the past, the former Emperor called him Neng, and was supervised by the public's opinion. The fool thinks that if he learns about the affairs in the camp and consults him, he will be able to make the formation harmonious and get the advantages and disadvantages.

Pro virtuous officials, far from villains, this was the first Han Dynasty, so it prospered; Pro villains, far virtuous officials, since then, the Han Dynasty has fallen. When the first emperor was there, he talked about this matter with his ministers, and sighed and hated Yu Huan and Ling. Shi Zhong, Shang Shu, Chang Shi and joining the army. This is a minister who has learned of Zhenliang's death Festival. I hope your majesty can believe it and the prosperity of the Han Dynasty can be expected in a few days.

The minister is based on cloth clothes. He works hard in Nanyang, lives in troubled times, and reaches the princes without seeking knowledge. The first Emperor didn't treat his ministers as despicable and self defeating. He took care of his ministers in the thatched cottage three times and consulted his ministers on the affairs of the world. Therefore, he was grateful, so he allowed the first emperor to drive away. It has been a year since I was ordered to be in danger at the time of defeat.

The former Emperor knew that his ministers were cautious, so he sent his ministers to great events in the face of collapse. Since he was ordered, he has been worried and sighed day and night for fear that the entrustment will not work, so as to hurt the Ming of the former Emperor. Therefore, he crossed Luzhou in May and went deep into Maomao. Now the South has been determined, and the soldiers have enough armour. When the award leads the three armies, the north will determine the Central Plains. The common people are exhausted and dull, eliminate the evils, revive the Han Dynasty, and return to the old capital. This minister is therefore loyal to the former Emperor. As for the consideration of profit and loss and making good advice, it is also the responsibility of you, Yi and permission.

May your majesty entrust his minister to revive the thief. If it doesn't work, he will punish his minister's crime and Sue the spirit of the former Emperor. If there are no words to promote morality, the slowness of you, Yi and Yun will be blamed to show their guilt; Your majesty is also advised to seek advice on his own, so as to understand the good way, observe and accept the elegant words, and deeply pursue the last edict of the former Emperor. I am very grateful.

Today, we should stay away from it. We don't know what to say.

Yuzhang Gujun, Hongdu Xinfu. The stars are divided into wings and the earth is connected to Henglu. With three rivers and five lakes, it controls the rough Jing and leads ou and Yue. The treasure of heaven, the ruins of dragon light and ox fight; Xu Ru went down to Chen Fan's bed. Xiongzhou fog column, Juncai Xingchi. At the turn of Yi and Xia, the Taiwan God pillow is as beautiful as the East and south. Governor Yan Gong's elegant hope, the halberd is far away; Yuwen, the Yifan of Xinzhou, is temporarily stationed in Chenwei. Ten days off is like a cloud of friends; Thousands of miles of flattery, full of friends. Tengjiao Qifeng, the CI School of Meng; Purple electricity, green frost, General Wang's arsenal. Jiajun is slaughtered, and the road is famous; Boy who knows, bow every victory preserves.

The time dimension is September, and the sequence belongs to the third autumn. When the water runs out and the cold pool is clear, the smoke condenses and the dusk mountain is purple. It is like walking on the road and visiting the scenery in Chonga; Near the emperor's son's Changzhou, you can get the old museum of heaven and man. Towering green mountains rise above the sky; Feige Liudan, next to nowhere. He Ting Fu Zhu, the haunt of poor islands; The GuiDian orchid palace is the posture of the hills.

Embroidered and carved on the ground, the mountain is open and full of vision, and the river is full of awe. Lu Yan falls to the ground, the home of Zhong Ming and Ding Shi; Ge ship mizin, green bird and yellow dragon start. Clouds sell rain Ji, caiche district is bright. Sunset clouds and solitary ducks fly together, and the autumn water is the same color as the sky. Fishing boats sing in the evening, ringing the shore of poor Peng Li; The wild geese are frightened by the cold, and the sound breaks the pool of Hengyang.

The distance is smooth and the ease is flying. Cool sound and fresh wind, fine song and white clouds. Suiyuan green bamboo, gas Ling Peng Ze's bottle; Ye water and Zhu Hua shine on Linchuan's pen. Four beauties, two difficulties. Poor look at the sky, very entertaining travel in the summer. Heaven and earth are far apart, feeling the infinity of the universe; When you are full of happiness and sorrow, you will know how much you have. I hope Chang'an will be in the sun and Wu will be in the clouds. The terrain is extremely deep in the south, the Tianzhu is high and the Beichen is far away. It's hard to cross the mountain. Who is sad about the person who lost his way? We meet by chance and are full of visitors from other places. Emperor Huai's doorknob disappeared. What year is the Fengxuan room?

Ho! Bad luck and ill fated. Feng Tang Yi Lao, Li Guang Nan Feng. Qu Jiayi in Changsha, not without a Lord; Channeling Liang Hong in the sea, is it lack of Ming time? A gentleman who depends on opportunities knows his fate. Old and strong, would you rather move the white head? Be poor and strong, and don't fall into the ambition of green clouds. Drink the spring and feel cool, and feel happy at the dry rut. Although the North Sea is on credit, Fuyao can take it; The east corner is dead, sang Yu is not late. Meng tasted noble and noble, spare time to serve the country; Ruan Ji is rampant. How can he cry at a dead end!

Bo, three feet of life, a scholar. No way to volunteer, such as the weak crown of the final army; Have a bosom to cast a pen, admire the long wind of Zong court. Shezan wat is at a hundred years old, and the morning and dusk are thousands of miles away. It is not the treasure tree of Xie family, but the neighbor of Meng family. He went to court and talked with the carp; Now I hold my hands and hope to join the dragon's gate. Yang Yi doesn't meet, caresses Lingyun and regrets himself; Why are you ashamed to play the running water when the clock period meets?

Woo! The resort is not often, and the feast is difficult to repeat; Orchid Pavilion is gone, and zize Qiuxu. I'm glad to give you a farewell message; To ascend to the height and make fu is to hope for the public. Dare to exhaust despicable bosom, respectfully sparse short lead; A word is given, and four rhymes are formed. Please sprinkle Panjiang River and lean to haiyuner:

King Teng's High Pavilion is near the river, and Peiyu mingluan stops singing and dancing.

The painting house flies towards Nanpu cloud, and the bead curtain rolls the rain on the west mountain at dusk.

The shadow day of the idle cloud pool is long, and things change and stars change several times in autumn.

Where is the emperor in the pavilion? Outside the sill, the Yangtze River flows by itself.