Japan is a small country located in east Asia. The population is around 130,000,000 (one hundred and thirty million) people. The total world population is 6,800,000,000 (six point eight billion), which means that roughly 2 in every 100 people are Japanese. Japan's land area measures 378,000 (three hundred and seventy-eight thousand) square kilometers. If the earth's land area is 149,000,000 (one hundred and forty-nine million) square kilometers and the total area is 510,000,000 (five hundred and ten million) square kilometers, then Japan is no bigger than this red dot.



Japan is the most advanced country in Asia. It is second only to America in GDP and it's proud of its high standard of living and economic wealth. Life expectancy of Japanese men is 79 years and 86 years  for women, which is the longest in the world. And there are culture practices such as KABUKI, BONSAI, SUMO, SADOU, KIMONO and ORIGAMI, all of which have developed into distinctly Japanese traditions. 



And we must not forget, Japan was the first country in the world to experience the destructive power of not one, but two atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in World War II. More than 220,000 (two hundred and twenty thousand) people lost their lives and as a result, Japan abandoned its war time constitution. 



In these ways Japan is a country with its own original culture and history, but nowadays there are also many strange things about modern day Japan. Let's take a look at these strange things in eight different categories. 



1. Character. 

Japanese people tend to be short, have black hair, small mouth and small eyes. This is a typical Japanese salaryman and over here is a Japanese schoolgirl. These days Japanese girls have a variety of ways to make their eyes appear bigger. There's even a function to make your eyes so big when you have a photo taken. Japanese technology sure is amazing. Another obsession Japanese girls have is with brands. Not more than anything else, they're obsessed with diets. Japanese women walk about town, carrying their high-quality brand bags. But for them, it's the ultimate status symbol. Japanese people also have the worst eyesight of anyone in the world with 40% (forty percent) of people using glasses or contact lenses. Japanese people are, generally, pretty shy. You could say that they find it particularly difficult to express how they really feel. Thanks to this, Japanese company meetings tend to drag on, and even after work is over, a Japanese person can't refuse an invitation for drinks. They also need to be careful of work relationships between their boss and co-workers. Don't forget to bow on your way home, again, and again, and again. "So, when do I get my vacation?" 



2. Tokyo

Tokyo, Japan's capital city, makes up an extremely small area, but it's the heart of Japanese politics, economy, distribution and fashion. A true megalopolis. Tokyo is the Mekka, the place everyone wants to live. And so in recent years, it's become overpopulated to the extreme. An example, compare to an American, who can claim a living space of 180 (one hundred and eighty) square kilometers to himself, there are 11 (eleven) Japanese people cramming to the same space, but in Tokyo alone, there are 192 (one hundred and ninty-two) people squished into the same extremely crammed living conditions. At the famous SHIBUYA scramble crossing, about every green light street peak hours, around 3,000 (three thousand) people will cross at the same time. At a Tokyo's McDonald's, it's perfectly normal to have just 50 centimeters of bench space per customer. Kind like being a chicken in the coop, isn't it? 



3. Food

From traditional Japanese style food, to Chinese, Italian, French and American style junk food, Japan is a nation of food lovers. However, the amount of food actually produced in Japan is only around 40%. It's incredible to think that a nation so obsessed with food lets 23,200,000 (twenty-three point two million) tons of it go to waste every single year. That's actually more than four times the 5,900,000 (five point nine million) tons of food that gets sent yearly by eight programs to assist starving nations. Right now, there are 1,000,000,000 (one billion) people in the world suffering from starvation. That's equal to one in every seven people. And someone in the world dies from starvation every four seconds. Of those who die, more than half are children under five. But despite that, Japanese people will eat as much as they like and simply throw away the rest. So, Japanese cuisine, really is a big deal. 



4. Technology

Japan is a techonologically advanced nation with bullet trains that reach a speed of 300 (three hundred) kilometers an hour. And mobile friends that can act as a credit card and television all-in-one. Robots that walk like humans? Now truly. There are even restaurants that employ robots to make your RAMEN for you. The toilets in Japan now lift technological marvels. The seat warms your bottom. The lid automatically opens and shuts. And if you like, your toilet will even wash your ... and hhh. But for some reasons, old-style Japanese squat toilets still remain popular. Can't imagine why. 



5. Water

In Japan, if you turn on the tap, the water that comes out of it is perfectly safe to drink as is.  Being an island country, Japan has water in abundance, but despite this, Japan imports huge amounts of mineral water from Europe, like about 580,000 (five hundred and eighty thousand) kilo liters every year. That amount equates to more than 1,160,000,000 (one point one six billion) 500 (five hundred) milliliter PET bottles. By the way, more than 1,100,000,000 (one point one billion) people in the world, or about eight times the population of Japan, don't have access to clean drinking water. A large portion of those who have to drink dirty water suffer from diarrhea and other diseases. 



6. SUSHI

When you think Japan, you think SUSHI. There's a traditional style counter SUSHI restaurants, but now SUSHI train restaurants are also popular. You can choose from shrimp, salmon roe, egg and any number or types of SUSHI. Recently, you can even order pudding or Korean BBQs. We don't really know why. By the way, the king of SUSHI in Japan is TUNA. That almost 2 million tons of it fished worldwide every year, Japanese people eat 710,000 (seven hundred and ten thousand) tons. That's a third of the world's total. Or Japan consumes 80% of the world's supply of bluefin tuna. In the past thirty years, the total population of tuna has decreased by a third. Because of that, the bluefin tuna could soon be designated a threatened species, just like the giant panda, blue whale, tiger and African elephant. Now, for the amount of disposable wooden chopsticks that you use to eat that SUSHI with, Japanese people use 23,000,000,000 (twenty-three billion) pairs of chopsticks per year and every person will throw a two-hundred pairs each. And these days, 90% of those chopsticks are sourced from China. Did you have any idea that Japan was using Chinese natural forest resources to make its disposable wooden chopsticks? 



7. Love

Have you seen those amazing buildings that look like fairytale castles? Well, you're in Japan. Of course, they are love hotels. There're around 30,000 (thirty thousand) love hotels in Japan and in a single day, 1,850,000 (one point eight five million) couples will visit one. That's quite a lot, but consider this, while every Japanese couple has sex of a grand total of 48 times a year, the global average number of times a couple has sex in one year is 103. And then there are those sex-loving Greeks who for a cate on average 138 times a year. That's more than once every three days. Incredible! Oh, for the record, this is an actual Japanese castle. Please, don't mistake it for a love hotel and try to have sex in it.



8. Suicide

For a country with such a strong economy and the luxury of throwing away unwanted food, you'd think Japan would be a happier country, but it also boasts one of the highest rates of suicide in any developed nation. Even Mount FUJI, a revered symbol of Japan, is a notorious suicide spot for the around 100 dead bodies discovered in the surrounding woodness every year. It's so not reported, but every year, around 35,000 (thirty-five thousand) people in total kill themselves in Japan. That's 90 people every day. Every 16 minutes in Japan, one person takes their own life. I guess a healthy economy does not necessarily make a happy country, does it? 



So, this is Japan. When you look at it from a global perspective, do you see what I mean when I say Japan is a strange country? Does Japan seem a bit different from what you first imagined? After all, Japan projects an image of wealth and prosperity. There's probably a lot you can't see behind that image. But take a step back and you can see the bigger, strangier picture. And who created this strange country? You did.